fix: update default handling of forwardClientCertDetails in Istio CR (#1769)
kyma-project/istio: docs/contributor/04-50-istio-metrics.md

| **istio_ext_auth_timeout_configured_number_total**     | Specifies the total number of external authorization providers with timeout configured in the Istio CR.                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| **istio_ext_auth_path_prefix_configured_number_total** | Specifies the total number of external authorization providers with path prefix configured in the Istio CR.                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| **istio_num_trusted_proxies_configured**               | Indicates whether **numTrustedProxies** is configured in the Istio CR (`1` for configured, `0` for not configured).                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | **istio_forward_client_cert_details_setting**          | Indicates whether **forwardClientCertDetails** is configured and which value is set in the Istio CR. (`1` when configured, `0` otherwise). The `value` label which refer to value of setting, value can be one of: `ALWAYS_FORWARD_ONLY`, `APPEND_FORWARD`, `FORWARD_ONLY`, `SANITIZE`, `SANITIZE_SET`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **istio_forward_client_cert_details_setting**          | Indicates whether **forwardClientCertDetails** is configured and which value is set in the Istio CR (`1` when configured, `0` otherwise). The **value** label refers to value of the setting and can be one of the following: `ALWAYS_FORWARD_ONLY`, `APPEND_FORWARD`, `FORWARD_ONLY`, `SANITIZE`, `SANITIZE_SET`. |
```
